[Music]
the headlamps in my first car still had
lightbulbs when LED lamps came up what
was quite amazed but what is this new
laser light supposed to be sounds rather
like science fiction doesn't it it was
science fiction but it isn't anymore
wondering what this is it's the first
experimental set up from the BMW lab to
prove the possibility of integrating
laser technology into the BMW head
lounge and this is the final result
it's the latest addition to BMWs flashy
LED light design LED are standard in the
BMW i8 for our lighting components such
as low beam high beam or indicators the
optional high beam headlights with laser
technology now ups the ante when it
comes to comfort and output while this
unit creates a light pleasant to the
human eye it produces a focused light
spot with twice the visibility range of
a conventional light its brightness is
five times higher than its predecessor
at the same time it uses less energy and
its light emitting surface is a hundred
times smaller the lights of the BMW i8
look good in more than just one way just
check this design the optional high beam
headlights with laser light technology
include a typical BMW I new shaped frame
from which the running lights and the
built-in indicators are operating a
second wider light frame surrounds the
innovative laser light unit and gives it
a feel of three dimensionality this
light concept unmistakably looks and
feels like BMW i8 on top of that the BMW
i8 is the first mass production car to
offer this new laser lights technology
you